---
title: prenup
date: 01/09/2011
tags: photo, supplier, prenup

We just finished our photo prenup last August 30. It was a total blast! Preparation was a bit hectic since we were buying clothes and props two days before the shoot, but overall it was a great experience. It felt like we were actually in the courting phase again.

We woke up very early (3:30 am -- but we actually got out of bed at 4:30) and got ready to go to our HMUA (Ochie Laraya) in Pasig. We got there by quarter to six and stayed til a little past 8. We then went to Eastwood to fetch Sef's mom and sister (our assistant for the photo shoot) and then it was smooth sailing towards Tagaytay.

We met with our photographer, Jason Angcao, at Starbucks Summit Ridge. He introduced us to his assistant, SanSan and friend (another photographer) Paolo. We then convoyed our way to Balay Indang.

Upon arriving, we were still pretty much clueless as to what our story was so the plan was to do a scouting mission around Balay and try to come up with a theme and story board. We actually already had an idea for the shoot but we just couldn't make it into one story. In the end, we just let things go their own way and started shooting and posing.

We were a bit shy at first but after a while we settled in and posing seemed natural for both of us. We went to three locations before we finally gave in to our hunger and went back to the main house to eat lunch. As expected, the food was just heavenly. We were treated to Tuna Wasabi, Tuna Pasta, Stuffed Chicken, Corn Rice, BBQ Prawns, and fresh salad. We ate so much that it was so hard to walk after eating.

Continuing where we left off, we then changed our clothes again to a more casual getup and proceeded to pose with our props: our graphic novels, macs, monopoly board and one of our favorite snacks, YanYan (by Meiji). We actually got distracted by our props as while we were posing, we were actually reading our graphic novels so at times we didn't hear Jason's instructions.

It started drizzling so we all took a break and while Sef was changing for the third time, I went to the pavilion to meet with our Lights and Sounds supplier, Stohnenky Pro Lights and Sounds. We discussed the details for the reception and finalized the deal, with us paying a downpayment of Php2,000. That was the last supplier we booked so we were elated by the fact that we have finished booking them all. As a side note, I asked Sonny (the manager of Stohnenky) what his company's name meant. It apparently was a mashup of his and his wife's names (Sonny and Thek = Stohnenky). Sweet stuff.

Going back to our shoot, we went to the open space near the "Hebron Valley" part of Balay Indang and went to shoot with our final props: pinwheels and bubbles. This was the best part of our shoot as we only had very few shots where we actually posed. Most of Jason's shots were of us assembling our pinwheels, trying to make them work and blowing bubbles and laughing.

It was also already almost dusk at that time so Jason had some sunset shots for us. Balay Indang was apparently closing up at that time so when we got back to the main house, there were no more staff (they all went home already). We changed back to our formal clothes since Jason wanted to shoot us in the dining room filled with mirrors so having the place to ourselves, we obliged.

It was extremely exhausting, and the drive home was a bit of a struggle as I was so tired I was almost falling asleep but we all managed to get home safely. We plan to use these pictures for our video prenup which will be in less than a week so we're pretty excited (and nervous). We don't know if it will be any harder or easier but it will be surely exhausting (but fun).
