---
title: papers
date: 26/09/2011

After our video prenup, we kind of got busy again and our there was some lull in the planning. Since we have most of our suppliers already dealth with, the only things left to do are the papers and the DIY stuff (which is almost half of the planning). We plan to DIY most of our stuff so if we were to gauge our progress, we're pretty much at the 60-70% mark (just an estimate).

We need to get our papers done, shop for our flowers (haven't finalized yet if we're just going to buy from Dangwa or make artificial flowers ourselves), make a design for the invitations/missalette, etc. Anyway, a couple of weeks ago, we ordered our birth certificates and CENOMARS from http:/www.ecensus.com.ph

Basically, you provide your details, order what you need and pay it either online (through BDO or Union Bank only) or through bank deposit, then just wait for your papers to arrive in your delivery address (either office or home). Everything was easy enough, but we only had the time to deposit money on a Friday, and since delivery time was posted as two to four working days, it meant we were to receive the papers at least by Tuesday the next week.

Sure enough, it did arrive and that's a couple of items to check off our list of things to do. A couple of notes though, you're actually paying for convenience so the Php315 birth certificate and the Php415 CENOMAR were not their real prices. A guard in BDO told us that a birth certificate actually only costs Php150 or so if you personally went to the NSO. We both don't have the time to go there and going there and queueing will probably cost us more than Php730 so it's already a bargain.

Another thing is that we're disappointed that the web site doesn't do justice to e-payments. Why only allow BDO and Union Bank users to pay online? What about the other banks? It seems they also support credit cards - but only for international applicants. Why? What difference does that make? Well for one, they charge in USD, but still, they should be able to support Php and even Paypal. There's probably a good reason for this but it just seems like a half-baked effort in opening up payment gateways for their site.

Overall, we're both impressed by the quick delivery (we did get it on Tuesday). If only churches do the same for baptismal and confirmation certificates. That's all for now and hopefully we get do more progress as the days go by.

